Hi, Movie Recaps here. Today I will show you
a horror, thriller, sci-fi film from 2015,
titled The Rezort. Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care.
In a world recovering from a zombie pandemic
that led to two billion deaths, there is a
facility called the Rezort, which offers a luxury
vacation and a special park where guests can shoot
the world's remaining zombies for sport. Its
CEO, Valerie Wilton, is the target of constant
controversy and protests because of the potential
outbreak her resort could cause, especially since
the place is right next to the camps run by Hope
4U, a charity organization. Our protagonist is
Melanie Gibbs, a young woman who is currently
going to meetings with an outbreak survivor's
support group to cope with her father's death.
Someone in this group shared their experience
with the Rezort and vouched for it, so now Melanie
wants to visit it too. She shares this idea with
her boyfriend and former soldier, Lewis Evans, who
is surprised at first but still agrees to go with
her. A few days later, they arrive at the Rezort's
lounge, where we meet the rest of the guests.
There is a group of middle-aged businessmen; Jack
and Alfie, two gamer teenagers; and Sadie, a young
woman whose fiancé didn't show up for the wedding.
While they wait for the boats to be ready,
Melanie and Lewis see a little girl through
the window who belongs to the refugee camp.
Melanie still can't believe they're such a
problem. They reach the island by boat, then
they ride in jeeps to get to the resort itself.
Getting in the cars with them is the last guest,
Archer, a quiet veteran. After being shown around
the facilities, the group is taken to orientation,
which entails a shooting range. Alfie and
Jack shoot as if this was a videogame but
Melanie has never shot a weapon before,
so Lewis teaches her. When night falls,
all guests are invited to a party by the swimming
pool, where Valerie shows up to give a welcome
speech while a chained zombie stands behind her.
Archer doesn't stay to hear her speech, though,
because he notices Sadie sneaking out and decides
to follow her. He sees her breaking into a control
room, where Sadie accesses the security system
and downloads some information on a USB stick.
The next morning, Melanie sees the zombie from
the party being dragged out of the main building,
which starts affecting her opinion of them.
Meanwhile, the resort engineers find three
corrupted files in the system but are afraid
to tell Valerie, so they decide to clean them
themselves without raising alarm. The guests are
getting ready to finally go into the park. They
are taken back to the jeeps and assigned guides,
our group will be in the hands of Tom Nevins.
On their way out, Melanie sees the
zombies kept in cages like animals.
An alarm starts ringing in the building when one
of the corrupted files acts up, but the engineer
quickly takes care of it. The guides show the
guests how the park is divided into different
areas that are separated by fences that stop
the zombies from herding too much. They also
remind the guests of the rules. Rule number one,
it is the zombie bite that transmits the virus,
not their blood. Rule number two, the fresher they
are the faster they are. And rule number three,
only a shot to the head will kill them. The
businessmen are taken to a special building where
zombies appear restrained in place on doors and
windows, so they shoot them face to face. Melanie
and the others are taken to the top of a cliff,
where they can shoot them from a safe distance.
Sadie decides not to participate for now, while
Jack and Alfie's shooting is erratic and mostly
misses their targets. Lewis and Archer, as former
soldiers, hit the heads every time. When Melanie's
turn comes, she doesn't dare to do it because she
is sure the zombie she is aiming at looks at her.
As darkness starts to fall, the group makes it to
the spot where they will be camping for the night,
tents have already been set up for them. Melanie
is starting to regret coming because she can not
bring herself to kill a zombie, Lewis asks her to
give the place a chance. Sadie is first approached
by Archer, who wonders why she didn't participate,
she says this was more her ex-fiancé's kind of
activity. Then she is approached by Jack and
Alfie, who keep hitting on her and try to
impress her with their gaming achievements,
but she ignores them by entering her tent.
At headquarters, the system issues haven't been
solved yet, so Valerie orders a full diagnosis.
The engineers find out there was an unauthorized
access of the system the previous night,
this stranger downloaded a lot of
data but also left something behind.
Valerie is about to call security when the system
starts failing, the engineer manages to get it
under control but only for a few seconds before
it fails again. Thanks to this computer failure,
zombies all over the resort are released from
their restraints and cages. They attack the people
at the hotel and swimming pool, they also get to
the businessmen and their guide. The system is
unsalvageable so the engineer tries to escape the
control room, but the zombies quickly arrive there
as well and attack all the employees, killing them
or infecting them. The zombie that had been at the
welcome party recognizes Valerie and goes after
her, so she runs into her office and seals the
door behind her. The security system goes offline
after repeated failed attempts to reboot itself,
so the Brimstone Protocol is activated. This means
the place will be bombed in a few hours. At camp,
Sadie and Melanie can't sleep, so they share a
drink and discuss the possible lack of ethics
behind the Rezort. Their chat is interrupted by
the sudden presence of a zombie approaching them,
so Melanie goes to wake everyone up while Sadie
aims her gun at it. She doesn't dare to shoot,
but luckily Archer steps in and kills it for her.
Nevins is worried by this turn of events because
the fences are supposed to keep the zombies from
coming too close, so he turns on the jeep lights
to take a better look at their surroundings.
They discover a horde of zombies is coming, so
the girls run to hide behind a tent while the men
defend the camp. Nevins gets in the jeep and tries
to contact headquarters, but the only answer he
gets is a recording telling him of the activation
of the Brimstone Protocol. As he tries to start
the car with no luck, Archer runs out of ammo.
Melanie runs into a tent to get him a magazine and
is jumped on by a zombie, but Sadie pushes it off
and helps Melanie reach the jeep, tossing the
magazine to Archer on their way. Nevins is jumped
on too when he gets out of the car, but he also
pushes the zombie off and climbs on top of the
jeep with the other guests. Only Alfie is missing,
but when he tries to join them, the zombies get
to him and kill him. Archer tells everyone to hold
their fire when the final zombie is taken care of.
The group spends the night on top of the
jeep. As soon as the sun starts to rise,
Archer does a recon of the area and decides it is
safe enough for them to come down. Lewis thinks
they should wait there to get rescued, but Nevins
informs them that won't happen because the whole
park is down and the Brimstone Protocol has been
activated. Archer wants to leave to try to catch
a boat and Nevins thinks it isn't possible for him
to make it on time, but when Melanie mentions the
possibility of a quicker road, Nevins retrieves
a map of the park and finds a route that may help
them save time. The group decides to follow Archer
to the docks and before leaving, a mourning Jack
covers Alfie's face with his jacket and takes his
bracelet. While the group makes their way through
the park, Melanie tries to comfort Lewis,
who feels unsettled because of the current
situation bringing back war memories. Sadie shows
sympathy for Jack, trying to befriend him to make
up for not getting off to the best start. As
Archer keeps on guiding their steps, Lewis
wonders who made him the leader, to which Archer
replies they did when they decided to follow him.
They are finally getting close to the fenced area
when a zombie jumps on them. Nevins quickly kills
it but gets upset when he discovers it was one
of his fellow guides. He wonders how this could
be happening when the security is supposed to be
so watertight, Jack says it must be a hacker's
fault. It could come from the internet but it most
likely is an inside job, which makes Sadie realize
this must be her fault. When they make it to the
fence, they find a jeep has crashed into it and
is blocking the door. To cross it, they must go in
one at a time and squeeze their bodies between the
jeep and the fence. Another horde of zombies
suddenly appears, so Archer and Nevins stay a
couple of steps behind to shoot them while the
rest of the group crosses the fence. There is a
zombie inside the wrecked jeep that suddenly wakes
up and tries to bite Melanie, but Sadie kills it,
giving Lewis the chance to take the gun that
was inside the car and help with the defense.
Archer and Nevins cross the fence after everyone
has made it safely, but a zombie also manages to
sneak in and bites Nevins. As he despairs, Melanie
tells him it is going to be ok, but Lewis steps in
and shoots him in the head, angering Melanie with
his actions. The group keeps going and eventually
finds the building where the businessmen had their
fun at. Before getting inside, Archer makes Sadie
confess what she has actually come to the park
for. She explains she has downloaded some files
to gather enough proof of unethical practices
to close down the park and that she is working
for Living 2, a group of undead-rights activists.
She thinks she just used some codes and encrypted
data to get into the system, but Jack says she
has been played and that whatever she used to
download the data also uploaded something nasty
to destroy the resort. Both he and Lewis blame her
for everything, but Melanie stays sympathetic and
promises her they won't leave her behind. While
looking for a safe way to enter the headquarters,
the group walks into the abandoned building and
finds the bodies of the businessmen. They look
through the windows and notice the zombies
coming towards them rather fast because they are
fresh victims. Melanie, Lewis, and Archie take a
tunnel but Sadie and Jack are not able to cross
in time to join them before the zombies arrive,
so they take the opposite direction and agree
to meet at the exit. The trio comes out of the
building without any trouble and Lewis is eager to
leave, but Melanie stops him and asks him to wait
for the other two. Sadie and Jack are being chased
by the zombies, so they try to cross an empty
room, where one zombie is still restrained. They
believe it to be dead and walk in front of it, but
the zombie wakes up and bites Sadie. This makes
her decide to sacrifice herself as a distraction
for Jack to escape, she gives him her USB stick
before he runs away and the zombies take her.
Jack re-joins the others while zombies chase
him, so they hurry and cross a fence into a
secure area, closing the doors behind them. When
Melanie asks about Sadie, Jack's only answer is to
give her the USB stick. With an hour left for the
bombing to start, the four of them finally enter
the resort building and choose to go into a dark
room because it's the only door they can open.
Inside, there are blood on the floor and railings
similar to a cattle run which start shaking when
the presence of zombies comes near. The group runs
through the railings and makes it to an oven room
with piping hot walls and a fence at the end of
it that Archer needs to force open. They leave the
oven and enter a normal room, wondering what all
this means when a zombie jumps off the ceiling and
attacks Jack. Archer kills it but it is too late,
Jack has been bitten. Upset and crying, Melanie
has to look away while Archer kills him too.
They leave the room and walk into an infirmary
surrounded by the Hope 4U tents. They realize
then that the Rezort has been using the refugees
to make more zombies, keeping them slow by aging
them in the oven. There is sudden movement behind
a tent and the little girl Melanie saw when she
arrived shows herself, but she is now a zombie.
Another horde appears in front of them so they
run back inside as the chase begins. Archer and
Melanie keep the door close with the weight of
their bodies, but Lewis escapes by climbing a
chain that fell from the hole that dropped a
zombie on them earlier. Melanie can't believe
he's left them, and Archer tells her to follow
him while he holds onto the door, she accepts
after some hesitation. After climbing up she looks
through the hole and finds Archer telling her to
make sure to get Sadie's data exposed before
he opens the door and jumps into the fray.
There are only fifteen minutes left before the
bombing. Melanie runs across many hallways and,
after retrieving a gun from a body on the floor,
makes it to one of the resort's many luxury rooms,
which is filled with bodies and zombies. Lewis
suddenly shows up and closes the door behind them,
then he apologizes to Melanie for leaving her
behind before showing her he's been bitten.
Melanie aims her gun at him but can't bring
herself to shoot him, so she hands him the gun
and leaves him to do it himself. The horde
of zombies breaks into the room then, so
Melanie grabs another gun from a body and starts
running again until she finds the control room.
She's suddenly startled by a door opening and a
hand dragging her inside a different room, but
it's just Valerie bringing her into her office.
Melanie calls her a monster for what she does,
Valerie reminds her that Melanie paid
for it before trying to take her gun.
As the women fight for the weapon, the zombies
hear the noise and break into the office,
some of them feed on Valerie while the others
chase Melanie as she runs out of the room.
The countdown to the bombing reaches zero
right before Melanie makes it outside.
She continues to run as zombies go after her and
planes arrive to drop bombs all over the place.
Luckily, she is fast enough to reach the edge
of the cliff and jump into the ocean before the
entire island is blown off. Three weeks later, we
learn investigators still don't know what caused
the whole incident. Melanie has survived and now
appears on tv, revealing all the information Sadie
gathered. It turns out she isn't the only survivor
though, Archer has also escaped and watches her
proudly on the screen. As a news reporter comments
on the latest developments of the Rezort case,
a horde of zombies comes out of the sea at
the resort's beach, ending the transmission.